Now the will is for the court, if you dont mind me asking, have you ever had to handle or manage a funeral.(DOWN TONE SAD)
IF YES: Im sorry to hear that, it goes without saying theres alot you have to figure out or
IF NO: ok, now im sure youve seen someone else handle a funeral right? im sorry to hear that, who was it? it goes without saying theres alot you have to figure out or

this is the family information guide, this is for the family. This benefit is extremely important as it serves as a road map for your family when something bad happens. It pretty much tells everyone what you want done. For example (then walk them through and briefly show the below areas) 
This is where you put your information, when something happens to you every place will require all of these details.
Are you a veteran?
Spouse Information
People to notify.
This part is EXTREMELY important, when some thing happens you need to make sure your family knows, theres a will, where to find it, and who the executor is.
This is where your insurances go, for example like everyone else you have regular old life insurance through work.(downplay how cool this is)
ok perfect is that 50 or 100 thousand.
awesome, now im sure you also have regular life insurance, or a funeral benefit, outside of work just like all the other union/association members right(make it sound like "duh" you have something)

(if yes): perfect, what company is that through. and how much is it worth. ok perfect that's where that information goes.
(if no): (act like stupid confused like WTF?) wait, you dont have anything out side of work? whys that, never thought about it or...(MAKE THEM FEEL STUPID)
(let them respond all confused put them on the spot)
Yea no worries well help you out with that but thats for later, this next part this is where the bank accounts go

when something happens to you you want to make sure they have access to you bank accounts to use the funds for final expenses and close the accounts.
now this is where you fill in final requests, for example, are you getting buried or cremated(not a question demand for it)