How many kids go missing a year(PAUSE LET THEM FEEL) Its 305,000 in the U.S in 2025, that 1 child every minute. How long does it take to start a search(PAUSE LET THEM GUESS)
on average it can take 1 to 6 hours on average, every hour the search radius increases by 50 miles, from just the mall, grocery store, playground, after 1 hour it becomes almost 8 THOUSAND square miles. We have close relationships with First-Responders, Police, Firefighters, & Teachers and we’ve been trying to find ways to keep kids safer and this is what they have come up with. (show the Child Safe Kit slide)

When I email you, there will be a QR code. Once you have the app downloaded and your account set up, you will be prompted to scan or upload the QR code. Once the QR code is uploaded you will put all your kid's information into the app. It’s the same information that’s on this printable kit. Important information, such as section 
Section 1 is for personal information: name nickname, height, weight, allergies, medication... all of that.
Section 2 is for Identifying marks: scars, birthmarks, glasses, braces and then you can mark where on the body it is.
Section 3 is for DNA samples: Fingernail clippings work and so does hair. If you use hair, it does need to be plucked because you need the root at the end.
Section 4 is for fingerprints: If you don’t have inkpads, markers work but also any police station would be happy to roll the fingerprints.  Then you know it was done correctly and the kids usually enjoy it because they get to meet uniformed officers and it's not scary because no one is in trouble. 

Then on the next page, you’ll add a current picture, along with the age and date it was taken. These printed copies are great to keep in the diaper bag or glove box of the car but once the info is in the app, it does great stuff.   

Most parents have had a moment where they turn around and their kid isn't right there. Either they ran into the next aisle at the grocery store or down the beach... some parents feel like they never take their eyes off their kids in public, but things happen, and they happen fast. In fact, just over the past couple years, our Child Safe Kits have been accredited for helping to find two children abducted in the US. One child in Chicago, that was later found but taken by a crazed relative. The other in Houston, who was found at the border where her abductors were trying to leave the country.

Im sure you can see how important this is for every family with children to have.(go down deep emotional low tone sad)

We made a commitment to the American Federation of teachers, and the police unions, that we would get these out to every family with kids, we cant do that without your help.

Who do you know who loves their kids.(not a question)

("EVERYONE"): Yea exactly lets get this to those families, whose the parent you know whos got the most kids.
