So, this IS different, this is what they call that’s why THEY call the Freedom of Choice funeral benefit in. What this does is, if you die, and it doesn’t matter when or how you die, you could die tomorrow in an auto accident, have a heart attack in ten years, or die of cancer at age 80... it doesn’t matter. But, when it does happen, your funeral is covered! The way this works is… you would take this certificate to ANY funeral home, cemetery, or crematorium in the United States. In fact, funeral directors love this because they know it is union backed and they don’t have to worry about it being paid. You have to get everything taken care of- flowers, casket, service, grave site – let’s say the whole thing ends up totaling $15,000. You take the certificate, turn it over, write in $15,000 here (show them on the FOC), sign it here, hand it to the funeral director and the total costs of the funeral are completely taken care of. You DO NOT have to pay a dime out of pocket, as long as you can keep the total under however much we set this up r
Now, once we set this up say we set it up for $30,000, remember $30,000 its a real important number. The funeral director will call the 800 number on the front(highlight it) to verify the plan is in effect, and then, he will ask the one question that all funeral directors ask, “how much money does Jane have to work with?” If we told them and (BENEFICIARY) had $30,000 to work with, what do you think they would try to charge you? That’s right, $30,000. So, we never reveal to them how much you have to work with. If you can get the costs for everything for, shoot, we dont care $5000, then we pay them the $5,000 and we cut you a check for the difference of $25000. This is the cleanest, easiest, most compassionate way to take care of what is going to happen to all us. Have you ever heard of a pre-arranged funeral? They are a great concept because everything is paid for prior to a death so the family doesn’t have to deal with it. This is the same concept except even better because you’re not limited to one geographical area and it’s much less expensive. Tie Down- Now, Mary and Jim I’m sure you can see how absolutely critical it would be to have this in place for your family when you die right? 
Now, you die tomorrow, what part about the freedom of choice, is so important to your family, (and the kids if kids)
